updated monitoring README (#1152)
knative/test-infra: tools/monitoring/README.md

## Build and Deploy Changes

### Update the Kubernetes components

[monitoring_service.yaml](https://github.com/knative/test-infra/blob/master/tools/monitoring/gke_deployment/monitoring_service.yaml) is the config to set up all the Kubernetes resources. Use `kubectl apply` on the monitoring_service file to make any updates.

### Update Image

1. `images/monitoring/Makefile` Commands to build and deploy the monitoring images.

1. Update to use the latest image on GKE
    ```bash
    kubectl rollout restart deployment.apps/monitoring-app
    ```

    Check the rollout status
    ```bash
    kubectl rollout status deployment.apps/monitoring-app
    ```

### Clearing the alerts

From `tools/monitoring/clearalerts` directory, run `run_clear_alerts.sh` script.

> Note: `run_clear_alerts.sh` only works on linux machine. It builds the binary on the local machine and copies it to the monitoring pod. On MacOS, the binary it built returns error `cannot execute binary file: Exec format error` when it's ran on the monitoring pod.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: `run_clear_alerts.sh` only works on linux machine. It builds the binary on the local machine and copies it to the monitoring pod. On MacOS, the binary it built returns error `cannot execute binary file: Exec format error` when it runs on the monitoring pod.
```
